live seafood

places to try:
Illy cafe
----------------
places I've tried:
three bean drink @ TK noodle
proper dim sum
proper hot pot (Chinese style)
sushi bar in modesto
nacho chips from that one place in Hughson
that one Mongolian BBQ hot pot place..
pho place on holt
pho ha (~)
tsujitka & other ramen place
Rumble Sushi - tempura, caterpillar roll
that one cheap kbbq place (pretty good!)
umi udon @ that one udon place
that other kbbq place we went to Michael Tai with
sandwiches from that one place in SF... (not bad)
most featured bobas from i-Tea - Hokkaido pudding boba, Okinawa pudding milk tea, milk boba, panda boba, krema
Boba Guys
Purple Cow - roasted oolong boba, almond milk boba

purchases/specific items:
good burrito from mexican food in San Jose..
good fresh tofu from San Jose..
glass jelly drinks/bean congee drinks/basil seed drinks
mung bean wedding cakes (vietnamese dessert)
good dim sum (egg tarts, har gao, etc.)
good flea market ruedas & cucumbers with chile
good seafood "salad"/ceviche...
smoked salmon (on cruise)
garlic gouda cheese
ginger candy
steamed buns from SF
green rice dumplings (from that one asian mart in modesto)
dried sweetened coconut, lotus, etc. strips
nem chua from Holt (Hoa Binh)
Illy cappucino chocolates
parmeggiano romano
good samosas (from that one sanskriti event)
vietnamese coffee (from Pho Ha ish)
paletas - coconut, pepino con chile, rum pompope, walnut, strawberry/fresas
dodol from Holt (Hoa Binh)
mung bean popsicles (from that one asian mart)
(korean supermarket) taiyaki!
rice cake (from that one chinese bakery)
chestnut cake (from that one chinese bakery)
strawberry charlotte (by Chef Blankette)
samosas from that one stall in tenderloin market
prosciutto
alcohol free zinfandel
good chai by Praylin (spoonfuls of tea powder; 3 cups milk, 1 piece cardamom per person; smashed ginger boil; then rest)

personal tries or combinations:
mom's milky oatmeal with gummy sharks
mom's watercress soup
mom's chicken with honeysuckle and black fungus
mom's tomato potato catfish soup
bread with olive oil
bread with avocado & mushroom
eggplant with peanut butter
mom's bean paste szegua
roasted garbanzo beans
Chong taco (sour cream, lemon juice, cilantro a must)
pork with wine and onion!
tamagoyaki with soy sauce mirin sauce; cilantro
potato pancakes with jalapeno, carrots, & vinegar-soy sauce sauce
pancakes with waffles
ichigo daifuku
mochi with condensed milk; also just mochi with milk
bread w/ avocado, cucumber & ham
ham & cucumber
tomato, mozzarella fresca, basil, olive oil
fried moonfish w/ eggplant
bagels with cream cheese, kalamata olives and avocado
eggplant romano parmesan & panko
flattened discs for tong yuan
sea snails with tapenade
waffles with anko, maple  syrup and butter
fake tong yuan made with mochi rice powder
brie in ham and mustard
avocado-ranch-carrot-celery salad
blackfish caviar with avocado
snails from Monteray
mussels from Monteray
green kelp from Monteray